What are the names of the latest three versions of Android?
Android 9 Pie, Android 10 (API29), Android 11 (API30)

What does the abbreviation ART stand for?
Android Runtime (ART) is an application runtime environment used by the Android operating system.
ART performs the translation of the application's bytecode into native instructions that are later executed by the device's runtime environment.

What is Android Jetpack?
Jetpack is a suite of libraries to help developers follow best practices, reduce boilerplate code,
and write code that works consistently across Android versions and devices so that developers can focus on the code they care about.

Describe the difference between the fixed, wrap_content and match_constraint setting of the constraint layout?
fixed = https://developer.android.com/reference/androidx/constraintlayout/widget/ConstraintLayout#widgets-dimension-constraints
wrap_content = https://developer.android.com/reference/androidx/constraintlayout/widget/ConstraintLayout#wrap_content-:-enforcing-constraints-added-in-1.1
match_constraint = https://developer.android.com/reference/androidx/constraintlayout/widget/ConstraintLayout#match_constraint-dimensions-added-in-1.1

What does the abbreviation DP stand for and why do we need them?
dp or dip
Density-independent Pixels - An abstract unit that is based on the physical density of the screen.
These units are relative to a 160 dpi (dots per inch) screen, on which 1dp is roughly equal to 1px.
When running on a higher density screen, the number of pixels used to draw 1dp is scaled up by a factor appropriate for the screen's dpi.
Likewise, when on a lower density screen, the number of pixels used for 1dp is scaled down.
The ratio of dp-to-pixel wi necessarily in direct proportion. Using dp units (instead of px units) is a simple solution to making the view dimensions in your layout resize properly for different screen densities.
In other words, it provides consistency for the real-world sizes of your UI elements across different devices.

What is the purpose of the string.xml file?
A string resource provides text strings for your application with optional text styling and formatting.
There are three types of resources that can provide your application with strings:
String
    XML resource that provides a single string.
String Array
    XML resource that provides an array of strings.
Quantity Strings (Plurals)
    XML resource that carries different strings for pluralization.

Why is the layout in Android specified by .xml files?  Why not just have the layout in the code (Kotlin or Java)?
Resources are the additional files and static content that your code uses, such as bitmaps, layout definitions, user interface strings, animation instructions, and more.

You should always externalize app resources such as images and strings from your code, so that you can maintain them independently.
You should also provide alternative resources for specific device configurations, by grouping them in specially-named resource directories.
At runtime, Android uses the appropriate resource based on the current configuration. For example, you might want to provide a different UI layout depending on the screen size or different strings depending on the language setting.

What kind of information can be found in the manifest file?
Every app project must have an AndroidManifest.xml file (with precisely that name) at the root of the project source set.
The manifest file describes essential information about your app to the Android build tools, the Android operating system, and Google Play.

What is the purpose of view binding in Android?
View binding is a feature that allows you to more easily write code that interacts with views.
Once view binding is enabled in a module, it generates a binding class for each XML layout file present in that module.
An instance of a binding class contains direct references to all views that have an ID in the corresponding layout.
